'''firsly the html , css and javascript are working on the web server and they will show 
the result to the client when the client requests from the browser.
then these three access the client requsets
now, the django is a python framework that is used bcz it stores the data bases into it so 
that we can directly made any chnages into data bases 
also django has more flexible management than html,css,js so it is more better
django is a python framework that contains a lot of libraries and helps us in making 
websites that contains the project and apps into us
django works upon MVT(MODEL VIEW TEMPLATE) approach as MODEL is the information about 
the database where data is stored view is associated with the template as it is linked
with the model and fetch the information from the model,processing it and 
rendering it to the template.
view is only a single entity.
there is not controller in django.
url dispatcher url ko lekr forward krti h

context are the set or value of variables
#<p>lorem455 <p>likh ne se automatically random text generate ho jata h

the blocks are used to add some text or title which is changed or updated everywhere 
in a single chng.
the bocks data are given in the index file which is used to render the information.

unsplash.com=gives us the high quality pictures .
bootstrap=provides us the html css already writeen codes.
'''
'''after image fetching from the random source of thee unsplash site , then we will take the album components from the
example option of the bootstrap
the alum option creates a templates for us onn the index page and then we can add the images into these templates
by our choice.'''

'''in the contact page we will add an image and also write the text upon the image if needed
by going in the inspect and then add the <h3 style=
poaition:
    left:
    top:
    >contact us</h3>
'''
#crf token- is used to ensure that the request come in our database 
#is come from our own website not from any external source

'''hum database bnayeege django m jo humri requests ko store krega
model=database ko define krti h.
and model.py ek file khud se create ho jati h myapp ki directory me .
or models and django me field hote h like charfield and textfield.
read the description about the fields in django from google.
'''
#makemigration:mene kch chnges kiye h to jango jake un chnges ki ek file create krlo

'''importnt:
uske bd humne jo model bnaya h usko import krlege admin.py me-"model register in admin.py"
and then settings.py m installed app me app.py se name copy krke update krdege-"app register in setting.py"
uske bd hi migration file generate hogi
'''
'''run command migrate to create the table that now stores the data of that form and show us on the admin panel of the site.'''

#makemigrations-create changes and store in a file
#migrate- apply the pending changes created by makemigrations

'''after that we want to store the data into our database and wnted that it will give us an alert messge like your data
is sent so we will apply the message framework into base.html file and then in the views.py we can call the success 
method after importing the message package.'''

'''in the python manage.py shell
we can run the command from myapp.Contact
Contact.objects.all---it will give us all the objects stored in your database''